Set up the manifest JSON file - this was copy and pasted from chrome extension developer documentation with a few minor changes to adjust the code to make it applicable to our specific code


Create 3 other files
(1) An HTML file (you can use ! to create the basic structure) 
(2) A JavaScript file to as our main coding area
(3) CSS file - this is NOT necessary but beneficial for any style to be done 



You need to include the JS and CSS files in the HTML file - this tells the browser to load and include those resources as part of the page 

How to include CSS file?
a link tag in the head of our HTML file - with ref and href attributes

How to include a JS file?
a script tag - usually placed in the bottom of our HTML body tag



Using DOM manipulation - create two button elements, with unique IDs so we can reference and style them in CSS (don't forget display whatever text you desire in the button itself)


//WE ARE HERE WITH THE ACTUAL CODING PROCESS


What do we want to do when the START button is pressed?
(1) Change the web browsers appearance to be calmer (maybe even rain calming emojis)
(2) Play a soothing song/sound (need to access an API?)
(3) Randomly generate a different encouraging/calming quote each time (definitely need an API)

What do we want to do when the END button is pressed?
(1) Remove/undo all visual changes made to the web browser
(2) Pause/silence the calming audio 
(3) Remove the encouraging quote from the page 



How are we organizing the project so that some code will manipulate our chrome extension pop-up v.s. the code we want to affect the browser/web page it is running on?

2 JavaScript files -> one JS file will affect the pop-up and the second will affect the web page the extension is running on 

Create an additional JavaScript file -> content.js



How 2 adjust the manifest.json file to account for the additional JavaScript file?

"content-scripts" property in manifest.json
- A label belonging to the manifest that tells chrome the following scripts should run inside web pages
- The property's value can only be a list/array (must be in square brackets)
- Inside the list is a single instruction object with two properties "matches" and "js"
- "matches" property takes a list that has a single value of a string that signifies all web pages are a match
- "js" property takes a list with a single value of a string of the file you want to execute on every match/web page

Now our file is set up so that any JavaScript written in the content.js file will be applied to the webpage



When the START button is clicked (pop-up.js)   ->   How do we change a web page's appearance(content.js)?

































